it's time for me to pick your final
three oh I can't wait now keep in mind
we're gonna be looking for your
reactions here and again this is
something my wife and one of our
producers Aaron thought long and hard
about and I just stepped in and
concurred okay all right
your first could we get a drumroll
please first Eric Eric is a personal
trainer but that's okay since he's not
the one you're gonna marry anyway you
seem really into him during the premiere
episode he seems sweet and level-headed
Eric we'll make it to the final three
[Applause]
next Brian Brian got the first
impression rose
you French kissed him he's a
chiropractor so he's almost like a real
doctor but not exactly Columbian that's
exciting
he habla espanol Brian will be in the
final two
[Applause]
and finally his name is Peter you gave
him a look when he got out of the limo
the kind of look women get on their face
when they see a pair of shoes they
absolutely love and watch he's a
business owner which concerns me
you both have gaps in the front of your
teeth which will make for adorable
babies he gave you chocolate you said
you didn't like chocolate he said he
would throw that chocolate in the fire
strong move I believe that you are
currently engaged to Peter true
[Applause]
well there's no crack in you but I hope
it works out they never work out you
know that right I'd love to be the first
yeah well I would love to prove you
wrong it is as you said a season of
first yeah
[Applause]
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares